AFKMud Intermud-3 Driver Code
-----------------------------

Original version written by Fatal Dimensions.
Ported to Smaug 1.4a by Samson of Alsherok.
Consolidated for cross-codebase compatibility by Samson of Alsherok.
Permission to redistribute was granted by Fatal Dimensions.
This code has been registered with the United States Copyright Office.
Registration Number: TX 5-562-404

Terms of Use
------------

1. You may use this snippet in your code provided that any included
comment headers in the code are left intact. You may add your own, but
do not take mine out.

2. This snippet may not be posted for redistribution on any site
without obtaining prior written consent from the Alsherok team.

3. You must ALSO comply with the terms of the LICENSE file as well since this
work was derived from the code covered by that license.

If you can't agree to these terms, don't use this code, and don't expect
me to help if something breaks while installing it. Harsh? Hardly. I'm
tired of people who come crawling to whine and complain when they haven't
bothered to comply with the terms first.

What this code does
-------------------

A word of caution - this isn't intended for beginning coders.
You have been warned.

This code gives your mud the ability to connect to the Intermud-3 chat
network, which is more or less the same idea as the IMC2 network some
of you may already be familiar with or members of. This originally
started off as simply a Smaug port of the code I began from, but once
I had done that I realized this would be of use to far more than just
Smaug. So once I had the Smaug code working to my satisfaction and
cleaned up to be less cluttery than what I started with, I set about
making it compile on several codebases as a standard package.
The result is what you see here. This code is a vast improvement over
the Fatal Dimensions code, as it now properly handles TCP exceptions
and socket read/write errors. It also now supports color throughout.
It has also been condensed down from the original 14 files to this
set of 3 for ease of maintenance.

This code should present no obstacles to use alongside a mud with an IMC2
network connection.

General channel guidelines:

This code comes prepackaged with 5 I3 channels. These 5 channels are
the existing set of publically accessable channels as of now that are
intended for Diku based I3 muds.

The chat channel, dchat, can be made available to your players if you
see fit, but should not be available to newbies. This chanel is not bridged.

The dimm channel should only be made available to your immortals.
It is intended for the use of immortals only. This channel is not bridged.

The dcode channel is mainly used for asking code related questions
and should probably be limited to the use of your immortals.
This channel is not bridged.

The game channel is a fun diversion that can be made available to your players
following similar guidelines to the dchat channel. This channel is host to
a gaming bot that will from time to time be set to run certain games for
people to play. This channel is currently bridged.

The bchat channel is the bridged link between the IMC2 networks and the I3
network. This channel should only be available to your immortals. It is also
subject to partial regulation of the policies of those IMC2 networks it
reaches. Such policies are known to change periodically, so keep up on them.
 
Socials can also be sent over channels, but please try to keep this
to a minimum. The social messages will be drawn from your mud's internal
social tables.

This code has been tested and works on the following STOCK codebases:

Smaug 1.02a ( see Smaug102i3.txt ) + the following derivitives:
  Smaug 1.4a
  Star Wars Reality 1.0 and 2.0 - see swri3.txt
  DOTD 2.2.8 - see i3dotd.txt
  CalareyMud 1.0
  CalareyMud 2.0 and 3.0 - see cm23.txt
  ResortMud 4.0b

Rom 2.4b6 + the following derivitives:
  RoT 1.4
  Rogue 2.1a
  Wurm 2.8c
  Tartarus 1.0
  QuickMUD
  Anatolia 2.1b2 - see anatoliai3.txt
  Oblivion 1.2 Alpha - see oblivioni3.txt
  Sundermud 1.0 - see sunderi3.txt
  EmberMUD 0.9.47 - see i3ember.txt
  Paradox - see i3paradox.txt
  1stMUD 4.0c - see i31stmud.txt

UltraEnvy 0.87j + the following derivitives:
  Greed 0.99.14 - see i3greed.txt

AckMUD! 4.3.1 ( downloaded from silverbridge.org )

Merc 2.2 + the following derivitives:
  Mythran 3.1.6b
  Envy 2.2 - see envyi3.txt
  EOS2 - see EOS2.txt
  Nimud 4 - see i3nimud.txt
  Godwars Dystopia 1.4 - see i3dystopia.txt
  Godwars Deluxe - see i3godwars.txt
  Mindcloud 1.1 - see i3dystopia.txt ( changes are the same )

CircleMud 3.x ( Circle 2.x is not specifically supported )

If your mud is derived from one of the above listed bases, it should
work without much trouble. Hopefully. :)

One small note - if your codebase comes with I3 preinstalled, and several do,
you can usually upgrade with the files contained in here by simply dropping
the source code files into your src directory. Usually i3.c and i3.h will be
all you need - there should rarely be a reason to change the i3cfg.h file.
If i3cfg.h needs updating, a notice will generally accompany the announcement
of an official release on the support forum.

DO NOT APPLY TO AFKMUD SOURCE! STOP NOW IF USING AFKMUD!
DO NOT APPLY TO 1STMUD SOURCE! STOP NOW IF USING 1STMUD!

I put that in bold letters since text files often refuse to allow me to use
flashing red text to get your attention - AFKMud and 1stMUD codebases both
contain customized installations of I3 which are tailored to the specifics
of each. You should obtain updates from the official releases of each codebase.
Attempting to update using the generic packges will result in compile errors.
The AFKMud Team *WILL NOT* assist in correcting this - they will instead advise
you to obtain the AFKMud version. One would assume the 1stMUD Team will insist
on the same. So do yourself a favor and don't cost yourself alot of time.

Begin Installation:
===================

1. In your main directory, create an 'i3' directory if it does not yet exist.
   In that directory, place the i3.config, i3.channels, i3.bans, i3.commands,
   i3.help, and i3.routers files. Transfer them as ASCII files.

2. Place i3.c, i3.h, and i3cfg.h files in your src directory.

3. To choose a color file, you need to know what color system ( if any ) your mud has.
   For those tags the mud's color system does not support, standard ANSI tags will be used.

   We provide the following color files:

   i3.color.ansi = Straight ANSI
      - Will use only I3 & codes and convert one way to ANSI codes.
      - Users can simply enter I3 tokens directly for color.
      - Ideal if your mud has no color system of its own or if it has no user selectable tokens.

   i3.color.samson = Samson's Color Snippet
      - For those of you who are running Samson's Custom ANSI from www.afkmud.com
      - This is the color file you'd also pick if you are running Smaug 1.4aFUSS.

   i3.color.smaug = Stock Smaug
      - For those of you using sotck Smaug and any of its derivatives listed.

   i3.color.lope = Lope's Color V2
      - Seems to be the dominant choice in Rom muds.

   i3.color.ack = Color profile for ACK muds.

   When you pick what you want, rename the file simply as i3.color so the code will be able to load it.
   Be sure your file is uploaded as ASCII.

4. Refer to the file your codebase is most closely derived from and follow the directions within.
   Any commonly known derivatives which have also been tested will have specific steps to complete in the file.

When done, return here to finish.

---------------------------------
---------------------------------

Almost there! Time to make clean and then compile and hope for the best.
Assuming all went well, you should have a nicely compiled Intermud-3 install.

Now you just need to configure it. I bet you thought this was over didn't you!

Before you reboot, make sure the i3.config file has been placed in the proper directory
and has been configured properly for your mud. The file should be fairly self explanitory.
You will not be able to connect to the I3 router until this file is ready.

Once configured, go ahead and reboot your mud. Try typing "I3" by itself on your
command line. You should get back a list of commands. Try typing "i3help" by itself
on your command line. You should see a listing of help topics available. By default,
these should also be in color. If all 3 of these conditions are met, you are ready!

Type "i3connect". Assuming you've got log channels visible, you should see some sort
of confirmation that you've connected. If not, something went wrong and you need to
check your logs for messages that indicate what.

If there are any problems with this installation, post your query to the
Intermud-3 forum located at:

http://forums.alsherok.net

If you've obtained this code from someplace OTHER than my own site
and you are encountering problems, go download it from my site before
you contact me for help. I can only support what I work on.

Adventure beckons in the lands of mystique....
Samson, Implementor of Alsherok
http://www.alsherok.net
telnet://alsherok.net:5500

Intermud-3 and IMC2 contact: Samson@Alsherok
