               WileyMUD III:  The world at a secretive glance.
Levels 1-4:
 o The Village of Shylar is where you start, and it offers lots of little
   children for those who walk the dark path.
 o A small farm lies just east of the town, and provides food to those
   who can kill their own.
 o The Shylar Mansion is overrun with rats, spiders, and other nasty
   creatures who are just waiting to be eaten by newbies.  Look to the
   northwest of Shylar.
 o The more adventurous newbie may find a wealth of experience in the
   Lair of the Kobolds, in the southern hills.  However, they may also
   find the sharp scimitars of the orcs that wander there.
 o The dead of Shylar may profit the living who dare to go into the
   Shylar Moore cemetary.  Southeast of Pastue's chapel, the moans of
   the restless dead can be heard.
 o The forest, west of Shylar, has many small animals who can be fought
   by those who are careful.  Ware the Goblins to the south though!

Levels 4-8:
 o Giant ants have formed a great colony to the northwest, and many poor
   newbies have failed to return from the depths of their caverns.
 o The maidens of Pain make their home in the Temple of Lovitar, far to
   the northeast of Shylar.  Beautiful and cold, these ladies do not take
   kindly to male intruders.
 o Goblins wander the forests to the southwest of Shylar, and they are said
   to have a small encampment in that area.
 o The tower of Necromancy can yield many mysterious rewards to those who
   are resourceful enough to penetrate the depths, and heights.  Hidden in
   the Troll Mountains, north of Shylar, it awaits plundering.

Levels 8-12:
 o An evil encampment of Drow has been rumored to exist somewhere along
   the northwestern river.  Enter the dark forests and try to find them
   if you feel like slaughtering the creatures of darkness.
 o The city of Highstaff has denzies, both fair and foul.  An arena offers
   the intrepid player a chance to pit his or her strength against the
   gladiators, or even the ferocious beasts of mythology!
 o Unfortunately, a bandit camp has grown to strength in the Redspine
   Mountains.  The Evil Grugnik attempts to waylay travellers between
   Highstaff and Shylar.
 o A dwarven kingdom is hidden somewhere in the southern hills.  It has
   riches and special items of great power, available nowhere else in the
   known world!
 o The port city of Gredth, whose slavers have captured many a foolish
   newbie, can offer great rewards to those who travel the dangerous
   path to get there.
 o The jungles around Nesthar, far to the west, have many strange and
   exotic beasts which can be wrestled with.
 o A monostary is nestled deep in the south-eastern mountains, betwen the
   Redspine and the Black ranges.  A brave soul might challenge some of
   these simple people to unarmed combat, if he dare!
 o Lizards and other strange beasts walk the gnarled woods that lie west
   of Gredth.  Beware!  There are also powerful slaadi who share this
   region of the world!

Levels 12+
 o The ruins of Ancient Midgaard can be found in a desolate and isolated
   valley, far to the south.  It is rumored that a cult has developed there
   to worship the dark god Aklan.
 o Orc caves dot the redspine, and offer great rewards to those who can
   find and subdue them.
 o Trolls have made their home in the northern mountains, and stories of
   a gigantic bird, who can lift entire houses in his talons, also come
   from this area.
 o The horrible slaadi make their home and temple deep in the gnarled woods.
 o A new underwater species has been found below the cliffs of Highstaff.
   It is rumored that the thieves and lowlives of the city know the way.
 o The temple of Drenth has gained in power and now is a major force in
   Eastern Highstaff.  Visitors would be well advised to get permission
   before entering their shrine.
 o Giants make their home in the western Troll mountains.
 o A nest of Great Lizards can be found in the gnarled woods.
 o The Ogre Havens have expended and threaten Highstaff itself!  Several
   powerful guildmasters have been captured and are being held prisoner.
 o The Legendary Asgard lives at the top of the world.  A powerful Lich,
   Asgard is not troubled by many mortals... at least, they don't trouble
   him for long.
 o Rumors of a great Black Drake, sleeping deep within the jungles of
   Nesthar, refuse to be quelled.

					-Dread Quixadhal, Dark Lord of VI.
